[Writer] Remove Turnkey recommendations from overview pages (DOCS-55) (#1251)
alchemyplatform/docs: content/wallets/pages/authentication/what-is-a-signer.mdx

---
outline: deep
title: Choosing a signer

> description: Explore Wallet APIs integration guides for signers including Alchemy, Privy, Web3Auth, EOAs, and many more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore Wallet APIs integration guides for signers including Privy, Turnkey, EOAs, and many more!
```

Non-custodial wallet providers store private keys such that they cannot access the private key without the user's involvement. For example, the user must provide a password or passkey that only they know in order to decrypt the private key stored by the provider. Users benefit from heightened security, while remaining in control of their private keys at all times. This is similar to a safety deposit box vault: the provider secures the bank vault but only the user has access to the individual safety deposit boxes (e.g. wallets).

> **Example**: Alchemy, Magic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
